3 DIVIDEND STOCKS I'M BUYING RIGHT NOW (For The New Year, 2021)

I just purchased these three dividend growth stocks within the last week! Two of them are solid value stocks in this current market, in my humble opinion. These are the three stock picks I'm accumulating in December, 2020 and January, 2021. Get ready for an exciting #dividend​ #stock​ #investing​ video.

Timestamps: 
0:00​ Introduction – I am way up on Starbucks (SBUX) stock in 2020. I bought before their earnings began to absolutely surge, a winning strategy for long-term dividend investors.
0:53​ Long-term dividend investors prefer low share prices.
1:12​ The purpose of today's video is to share three stocks I am buying right now in December, 2020 and January, 2021.
1:37​ Cambell's Soup Company (CPB) product overview
4:11​ The Hershey Company (HSY) product overview
5:00​ Takeaway: All three dividend stocks covered in the video today are pandemic-proof.
5:30​ Takeaway: I am here to motivate the dividend stock investing community.
6:16​ SEGMENT 1: The Campbell's Soup Company (CPB) Dividend Stock Analysis
7:02​ Takeaway: CPB has so much exposure to the snack food category.
7:40​ CPB is trading at a Price Earnings Ratio (PE Ratio) of 15! It's under the radar.
9:12​ CPB is in the sweet spot: dividend is the right size, with a payout ratio that's low enough for more growth.
10:13​ Key Takeaway: I like to invest in a company before the street understands the growth that is coming. The stock price does not reflect the opportunity.
11:09​ SEGMENT 2: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Dividend Stock Analysis
11:26​ Key Takeaway: It's ok to add to my largest position. It can be boring, but it is often the right thing.
11:50​ Surprise: The 5-year dividend CAGR is 6.1%, that is really high for such a large company.
13:27​ Two risks with JNJ stock
15:14​ JNJ Balance Sheet Analysis
16:43​ JNJ Earnings Analysis
17:50​ JNJ Statement of Cash Flows Analysis
19:11​ SEGMENT 3: The Hershey Company (HSY) Dividend Stock Analysis
19:32​ Current thoughts on The Disney Company (DIS)
20:50​ Key Takeaway: Understand your investment schedule. When will you need your dividend cash flow?
24:20​ All three companies discussed today have fabulous payout ratios around 50%.
24:33​ Simple Yield On Cost Analysis
26:00​ Disclosure and Disclaimer

Here is my detailed analysis of The Hershey Company (HSY): https://youtu.be/kbpsWOedLaA​

Learn more about my day-to-day life in my last video: https://youtu.be/zeCK1LMlmHQ​

DISCLOSURE: I am long PepsiCo (PEP), Campbell’s Soup Company (CPB), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), and Starbucks (SBUX). I own these stocks in my personal stock portfolio. My kids own Disney (DIS) and The Hershey Company (HSY).

DISCLAIMER: All information and data on my YouTube Channel, blog, email newsletters, white papers, Excel files, and other materials is solely for informational purposes. I make no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information. I will not be liable for any errors, omissions, losses, injuries or damages arising from its display or use. All information is provided AS IS with no warranties, and confers no rights. I will not be responsible for the accuracy of material that is linked on this site.

Because the information herein is based on my personal opinion and experience, it should not be considered professional financial investment advice or tax advice. The ideas and strategies that I provide should never be used without first assessing your own personal/financial situation, or without consulting a financial and/or tax professional. My thoughts and opinions may also change from time to time as I acquire more knowledge. These are, as discussed above, solely my thoughts and opinions. I reserve the right to delete any comments for any reason (abusive in nature, contain profanity, etc.). Your continued reading/use of my YouTube Channel, blog, email newsletters, whitepapers, Excel files, and other materials constitutes your agreement with and acceptance of this disclaimer.

COPYRIGHT: All PPC Ian videos, Excel files, guides, and other content are (c) Copyright IJL Productions LLC. PPC Ian is a registered trademark (tm) of IJL Productions LLC.